README.md, before:

# **Truth or Dare**

## **Date:** 10/03/2022
***

### **Author:** Rebecca Fulkerson


#### [GitHub](https://github.com/ralicynf) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fulkersonrebecca/) | [Trello](https://trello.com/b/rWf58B2v/truth-or-dare)
***

### ***Description***

#### When I think back to my childhood, the games I always had the most fun with weren't the ones I played by myself, but rather the ones I could play with friends. That's what this project is all about: creating a game that people can play with their friends and make lasting memories together. What game makes better memories than the tried and true classic of Truth or Dare? This game utilizes HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, as well as API's providing the truth or dare questions.
***

### ***Technologies Used***

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* Truth Dare API by Jpflorentino
***

### ***Getting Started***

##### To start, a Trelio board was used to keep track of development progress and can be viewed [here](https://trello.com/b/rWf58B2v/truth-or-dare). This board was also used to map out every aspect of the game making process into small, easy to follow steps. 

***

### ***Screenshots*** 

#### *Coming Soon*
![image words](URL)
***

### ***Future Updates***

- [ ] Adding a mini game or wheel of points for extra points
- [ ] Adding an adults version of the game
***

### ***Credits***

##### Truth/Dare API: [RapidAPI](https://rapidapi.com/Jpflorentino/api/truth-dare)

##### Markdown Cheatsheet: [GitHub](https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf)


***

Commit message:

final styling touches completed, added custom logo

README.md, after:

# **Truth or Dare**

## **Date:** 10/03/2022
***

### **Author:** Rebecca Fulkerson


#### [GitHub](https://github.com/ralicynf) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fulkersonrebecca/) | [Trello](https://trello.com/b/rWf58B2v/truth-or-dare)
***

### ***Description***

#### When I think back to my childhood, the games I always had the most fun with weren't the ones I played by myself, but rather the ones I could play with friends. That's what this project is all about: creating a game that people can play with their friends and make lasting memories together. What game makes better memories than the tried and true classic of Truth or Dare? This game utilizes HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, as well as API's providing the truth or dare questions.
***

### ***Technologies Used***

* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* Truth Dare API by Jpflorentino
***

### ***Getting Started***

##### To start, a Trello board was used to keep track of development progress and can be viewed [here](https://trello.com/b/rWf58B2v/truth-or-dare). This board was also used to map out every aspect of the game making process into small, easy to follow steps. 

***

### ***Screenshots*** 

#### *Custom Truth or Dare Logo*
![Truth or Dare Logo](https://i.imgur.com/7dieTWk.png)

#### *Start Screen*
![Start Game screen](https://i.imgur.com/aLFFzGj.png)
***

### ***Future Updates***

- [ ] Adding a mini game or wheel of points for extra points
- [ ] Adding an adults version of the game
- [ ] Light Mode
- [ ] Full API Integration
 ***

### ***Credits***

##### Truth/Dare API: [RapidAPI](https://rapidapi.com/Jpflorentino/api/truth-dare)

##### Markdown Cheatsheet: [GitHub](https://guides.github.com/pdfs/markdown-cheatsheet-online.pdf)

##### Continuously rotate image [Flaviocopes](https://flaviocopes.com/rotate-image/)

***
